Readmes/downloadprelanned to explore scenesin flyover (#732)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/download-preplanned-map-area/README.md

Take a map offline using a preplanned map area.

![Image of download preplanned map area](download-preplanned-map-area.png)

## Use case

Generating offline maps on demand for a specific area can be time consuming for users and a processing load on the server. If areas of interest are known ahead of time, a web map author can pre-create packages for these areas. This way, the generation only needs to happen once, making the workflow more efficient for users and servers.

An archaeology team could define preplanned map areas for dig sites which can be taken offline for field use.

## How to use the sample

Downloading tiles for offline use requires authentication with the web map's server. An [ArcGIS Online](www.arcgis.com) account is required to use this sample.

> Select a map area from the Preplanned Map Areas list. Click the Download button to download the selected area. The download progress will be shown in the Downloads list. When a download is complete, select it to display the offline map in the map view.

Reviewer: I found that after the selected area has downloaded it automatically displayed on the mapview. After downloading multiple area, I could go back and select among them to display my selection.

Author: I'm confused, isn't that what this says?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a map area from the Preplanned Map Areas list. Click the Download button to download the selected area. The download progress will be shown in the Downloads list. When a download is complete, it will automatically display in the map view. You can also select a previously downloaded area to display it in the map view.
```

* `SYNC_WITH_FEATURE_SERVICES` - Changes, including local edits, will be synced directly with the underlying feature services.
* `DOWNLOAD_SCHEDULED_UPDATES` - Scheduled, read-only updates will be downloaded from the online map area and applied to the local mobile geodatabases.

> See [Take a map offline - preplanned](https://developers.arcgis.com/java/latest/guide/take-map-offline-preplanned.htm) to learn about preplanned workflows, including how to define preplanned areas in ArcGIS Online. Alternatively, visit [Take a map offline - on demand](https://developers.arcgis.com/java/latest/guide/take-map-offline-ondemand.htm) or refer to the sample 'Generate Offline Map' to learn about the on-demand workflow and see how the workflows differ.

Reviewer 2: we should leave these weblinks as Android rather than Java: to all intensive purposes they're the same, but Android dev users would prefer to be taken to the Android Guide pages.
